The other important thing
to know about these API's,
is they have this notion of
combined versus detached mode.
So in combined mode, you get back a packed
form of the original message plus the
signature, if we're doing signatures and
in detached mode,
the signature is separate from the data.
So both of these are useful
in different use cases.
So maybe if you have a place
where you can slot in a signature
versus a place where maybe you just
want a block of data that's gonna
contain everything you would
use either of these APIs.
So here's what it looks like in
combined mode to use the NACL API.
So you do like sodium,
that crypto sign to generate
the combined message that
has the signature in it and
to have the the message
a bit in it as well.
And then to verify that information,
unfortunately these API's
are kind of confusingly named, but
you to verify call crypto sign open.
Which will either return the original
message, if the verification succeeded or
it returns undefined,
if the verification failed.
The other kind of way of doing
this is in detached mode,
where you get,
you have to keep the signature and
the message around and then pass
them into the API later separately.
So you do this and
then you get back a boolean flag,
which is just like,
did this verification work or didn't it?
Yes or no?
Okay, I see someone on the chat
asks what curve ethereum uses?
I don't know,
if that off the top of my head.
I don't know if it's the same as
Bitcoin or whatever, but I don't know,
you could probably look that up,
I imagine.
Okay, so this is the notion
of combine mode, detach mode.
For authenticated encryption,
it's a bit more complicated.
NACL is gonna use this thing called
a message authentication
code to kind of make sure
that there's no tampering
done to the message.
And you also need, when you use this API
to keep it around a thing called a nonce,
which is some secure
entropy that's used to
make the,
just to make this whole thing work.
So here's what that looks like
to create some ciphertext.
So this is during encryption, you can call
crypto secret box easy with the message,
the nonce.
And the key, the key is a shared secret
that you can divulge to another party
either out of band beforehand or maybe
you can do this through a secure channel.
Or there's ways of creating
derived secrets as well, but
I'm not gonna get into that.
And then if you want to unbox this message
you can call crypto secret box open easy.
Again, not the best name, but that's what
it's called with the original cipher texts
that you got from the first message.
So you would do each of these method
calls on different sides of a connection
probably.
So like maybe the sender
would do this part and
like push out the cipher
text to like a socket.
And the receiver would do
this part to just like
receive the cipher text and decrypt it.
And you also have to send around the the
nonce, even though this is combined mode.
They didn't combine everything,
they only combined the other two pieces.
There's other methods for
doing public key encryption,
but it's, I don't really have time to go
into that, it's really hard to read this.
It's the c documentation and like
converted into JavaScript and do whatever,
but there's more methods.
Unfortunately, you have to
read the CAPI if you want to
know about this stuff in more detail, but.